OVERVIEW
Providing you the best of comforts in a charming ambience Sanskruti Resort, a 3-star property is nestled in Gokarna, the land between the mighty Arabian Sea and the massive Sahyadri ranges. The serene climate at the resort provides tourists delightful and divine experience at the elegant beaches with fun water sports. The Harrbali Viewpoint is at a distance of 3 km from the resort. The hillside resort houses two outdoor swimming pools and a relaxing Spa. The resort offers a Conference Hall (Ekalavya) with a seating capacity of 70 members for business purposes. A 24-hour front desk, free Parking, pick-and-drop from the railway station and bus depot, airport taxis and complimentary Wi-Fi in the lobby are available. Handicap services, generator backup,doctor-on-call and travel assistance are the other facilities offered at the resort. The resort features 20 cottages and 10 valley view rooms. The categories are Superior Cottages, Premium Cottages and Deluxe Rooms. Main amenities are an LCD television, 24-hours hot and cold water,Intercom,Safe Locker,Electric tea/coffee maker and in-room dining service. Samruddhi, the in-house air-conditioned multi-cuisine restaurant serves Indian, Continental, Tandoori, Chinese, local Goan and South-Indian food. Popular sightseeing attractions nearby are Mahabaleshwar Temple(2 km), Harrbali Viewpoint (3 km), Half Moon Beach(3 km), Om beach ( 4 km), Om Water Sports ( 5 km) and Paradise Beach (5 km). Gokarna Road Railway Station is at 10 km and Dabolim Airport is at 155 km from the resort. Kumta Town Centre is at a distance of 32 km from the hotel. What people love the most about this property is its welcoming ambience and great location. Book now and enjoy the warm hospitality of Sanskruthi ResortThe resort boasts of Samrudhi, a fine dining restaurant that serves Indian, Tandoori, Continental, Chinese, Goan and South Indian food. For rejuvenation and recreation, the resort maintains a fully equipped gym, a spa center and a meditation are. Other services offered are airport pickup and drop on charge, breakfast for free, complimentary Wi-Fi connectivity, laundry service and multi-lingual staff.The Gokarna Bus Station is 2.5 Km, Gokarna Railway Station is 7 Km and Goa International Airport is 170 Km. Other attractions are Gokarna Beach (4 km) Murudeshwara Temple (70 Km), and Goa (80 Km).